README.md, before:

Ace (Ajax.org Cloud9 Editor)
============================
[![CDNJS](https://img.shields.io/cdnjs/v/ace.svg)](https://cdnjs.com/libraries/ace)
[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/ace-builds.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/ace-builds)

Ace is a code editor written in JavaScript.

This repository has only generated files.
If you want to work on ace please go to https://github.com/ajaxorg/ace instead.


here you can find pre-built files for convenience of embedding.
it contains 4 versions
 * [src](https://github.com/ajaxorg/ace-builds/tree/master/src)              concatenated but not minified
 * [src-min](https://github.com/ajaxorg/ace-builds/tree/master/src-min)      concatenated and minified with uglify.js
 * [src-noconflict](https://github.com/ajaxorg/ace-builds/tree/master/src-noconflict)      uses ace.require instead of require
 * [src-min-noconflict](https://github.com/ajaxorg/ace-builds/tree/master/src-min-noconflict)      concatenated, minified with uglify.js, and uses ace.require instead of require


For a simple way of embedding ace into webpage see [editor.html](https://github.com/ajaxorg/ace-builds/blob/master/editor.html) or list of other [simple examples](https://github.com/ajaxorg/ace-builds/tree/master/demo)
To see ace in action go to [kitchen-sink-demo](http://ajaxorg.github.com/ace-builds/kitchen-sink.html), [scrollable-page-demo](http://ajaxorg.github.com/ace-builds/demo/scrollable-page.html) or [minimal demo](http://ajaxorg.github.com/ace-builds/editor.html),

Commit message:

bumbed to v1.4.14 (now 1.5.2) from ajaxorg/ace-builds
https://github.com/ajaxorg/ace-builds/releases/tag/v1.4.14

README.md, after:

Ace (Ajax.org Cloud9 Editor)
============================
[![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@f0rce/ace-builds.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@f0rce/ace-builds)

Ace is a code editor written in JavaScript.

Check the [changelog](./ChangeLog.txt) if you want to see, which changes/versions have been made by [ajaxorg](https://github.com/ajaxorg) or by [F0rce](https://github.com/f0rce).

This repository has only generated files.
If you want to work on ace please go to https://github.com/ajaxorg/ace instead.


here you can find pre-built files for convenience of embedding.
it contains 4 versions
 * [src](https://github.com/ajaxorg/ace-builds/tree/master/src)              concatenated but not minified
 * [src-min](https://github.com/ajaxorg/ace-builds/tree/master/src-min)      concatenated and minified with uglify.js
 * [src-noconflict](https://github.com/ajaxorg/ace-builds/tree/master/src-noconflict)      uses ace.require instead of require
 * [src-min-noconflict](https://github.com/ajaxorg/ace-builds/tree/master/src-min-noconflict)      concatenated, minified with uglify.js, and uses ace.require instead of require


For a simple way of embedding ace into webpage see [editor.html](https://github.com/ajaxorg/ace-builds/blob/master/editor.html) or list of other [simple examples](https://github.com/ajaxorg/ace-builds/tree/master/demo)
To see ace in action go to [kitchen-sink-demo](http://ajaxorg.github.com/ace-builds/kitchen-sink.html), [scrollable-page-demo](http://ajaxorg.github.com/ace-builds/demo/scrollable-page.html) or [minimal demo](http://ajaxorg.github.com/ace-builds/editor.html),
